Add accessibility for CV. (#1152)
telerik/maui-docs: _contentTemplates/common/collectionview.md

#collectionview-keyboard-notes
## Notes

> Here are notes that the users should be aware of when using the keyboard navigation support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following when using the keyboard navigation support:
```

> * Groups are not part of the keyboard navigation support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigating through groups is not supported.
```

* When entering the CollectionView with the keyboard, if there is already a `CurrentItem` set, this item becomes focused and is used as a starting point for navigation onwards. 

> * When entering the CollectionView with the keyboard, if there is no `CurrentItem` set, the first rendered item becomes current. If there are no rendered items, then the first item from the data view becomes current. An example of no rendered items&mdash;when all groups in the `viewport` are collapsed. In this case when expanding the first group, the `CurrentItem` will become visible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When entering the CollectionView with the keyboard, if there is no `CurrentItem` set, the first rendered item becomes current. If there are no rendered items, then the first item from the data view becomes current. For example, when all groups in the `viewport` are collapsed, no items are rendered. In this case, when expanding the first group, the `CurrentItem` will become visible. 
```
